Hey, good morning, family.
I have another video I'm going to do for you here.
A lot of people are wanting to know, "Hey, how do you hear God the way you do?
" and they want to know how I've had the visitations.
They want to understand more about me and everything.
I'm going to tell you this right now: I am nothing special.
Why the Lord has chosen to do what He's done in my life, I have no idea.
I haven't done any kind of real supernatural prayer compared to anybody else.
I've been obedient, I can tell you that.
When He tells me to do something, I'm quick to obey, or I try to at least.
Like for the last video, I told you about being hesitant of coming on here and telling you things on YouTube because I had a gaping wound and I didn't want to come and expose that to everybody.
I've been a very private person.
I'm very reclusive.
I have a lot of friends, but I do not try to be real social, even with my family.
Even my family thinks I'm kind of strange, as far as my mom, my dad, and my brothers and sisters.
I've just been really different.
That's the way I've been a lot in my life.
I pray a lot.
I have a very unique relationship with the Lord as far as the way I look at Him and the way I talk.
I'll say that much.
It all started when I was a little boy.
I had bad learning disabilities all through school.
I couldn't read, I couldn't write very well, I couldn't spell, and I couldn't do math.
I went through school in special ed programs my whole entire life.
People made fun of me a lot.
I got bullied every day at school, spit on, pushed down, picked on all day long.
I would come home and cry myself to sleep because of being bullied all the time.
And so, I got up into my high school years.
I still couldn't read very well, I still couldn't write very well, and I couldn't do math.
So the principal came to my mom and said, "Some kids are just probably going to be like bricklayers.
Your son really has a hard time.
He's making zeros in school, he's not able to keep up, and so I would try to encourage you to just pull him out of school and let him get a trade.
Let him go ahead and just work with his hands and go on with his life.
He's not passing any classes; he's flunking out.
I hate to say this, but I would just encourage you to go ahead and let him get a full-time job and go on with his life.
" So I dropped out of school and started sacking groceries.
I sacked groceries for three years.
Prophecy after prophecy was spoken over my life that God had a call on me to do something big.
I didn't know how to implement it.
My mom and dad were going to Bible school at the time, and I was trying to get my GED.
I thought, "Well, maybe I can get my GED.
" I couldn't get my GED.
I went and tried to take the test and I failed.
So I gave up and just started working, and worked really hard.
I started learning.
I started listening to tapes from ministries.
I got a tape player.
I listened to ministries all day long, feeding on the Word of God, listening to Kenneth Hagin.
And I know some people don't like Kenneth Hagin.
I don't care what you think.
Let me tell you that right there; I'm going to be bold with you.
I do not care what you think about Kenneth Hagin.
He changed my life.
He taught me everything I know.
So keep your comments to yourself in the comment section.
If you do rude things and talk trash about him, I'll ban you immediately.
There's no tolerance for it.
So I listened to him over and over again.
I found these ministries, I started listening to the Word, and I fed on the Word.
The Lord started imparting to me.
I started fasting.
The Lord said, "I want you to start fasting every other day of your life.
" So I did this as a teenager.
I started fasting every other day of my life.
I did this for years.
I prayed, I fasted.
I would start fasting when the sun came up, all the way to when the sun came down.
Then I ate dinner, and that's what I did as a young man.
I kid you not, I would spend time praying in the Spirit, reading my Bible, and listening to sermons.
Then I got a job; I was offered a job.
I had made some friends, and they said, "We want you to come and work in the ministry for us.
" I thought, "Wow, here's my opportunity to preach," because I was 18 years old and I was excited.
I got my first job; God opened the door for me.
So I started cleaning bathrooms.
The Lord said, "I want you to do that.
" So I started cleaning for a mega minister's house.
I started taking care of stuff for them, cleaning their cars, and doing this.
I started learning and listening to him preach.
I followed ministries, doing it over and over, just praying in the Spirit and learning.
So the Lord spoke to us to move to where we are now, and I thought, "Man, this is my opportunity.
" I was 20 or 21 years old.
I had just got married.
I had a prophecy over my life: "You're going to find your wife, and you're going to get married in a short amount of time.
" So we got married.
I thought, "Man, what's going to happen?
We're going to move.
" My mom and my dad moved to where they are, and they started a Boys Ranch.
They started helping out with fatherless children.
We started volunteering and helping out there, trying to help these troubled young teenagers.
So we did that for about a year or two, and the Lord put us at a church.
We started doing ministry at the church.
I was cleaning there, and I thought, "Man, I'm going to have the opportunity to preach now.
" Lo and behold, the pastor didn't like me that much because I preached too charismatic for him.
So he said, "No, you can clean.
You'll probably never preach here.
" I thought, "Well, you're going to change your mind.
I'm going to pray and fast, and God's going to change your mind.
" So the Lord said, "Brandon, I want you just to be an armor bearer.
You pray for the pastor here, and I want you just to keep being here and praying.
" So I just kept cleaning.
I cleaned 90 toilets three times a week.
Every single time I was in there cleaning, griping in my heart, "God, You called me to the ministry.
How am I going to do anything if I'm in here cleaning these toilets?
What are You going to do with my life?
Are You going to do anything with me?
" So I just kept cleaning the bathrooms, cleaning all the floors, doing everything.
And I'd go in there and ask, "Hey, will you let me preach or do anything?
" "No, Brandon, you are a janitor.
That's what you're going to do.
You're not called to preach.
We don't feel that about you.
You clean.
" I'd say, "But I know God's called me to preach.
" They'd say, "No, that's not what we feel.
" So I kept cleaning.
The Lord gave me a word.
I heard a word: "Hey, I want you to go warn the pastor that judgment is coming on him.
You go tell him what I'm telling you.
" I said, "They're going to fire me, Lord.
I can't go in there and tell him that.
He acts like he doesn't like me that much anyway.
" "Are you going to be obedient to me?
Are you going to be fearful of man?
" I said, "Oh, man.
Okay.
" So I was standing in the back of the hall by his office on a Sunday night after church.
Lightning was striking, and you could hear the storm blowing over.
There was an actual storm happening.
So I knocked on his door.
He said, "Come in, what can I help you with?
" I said, "The Lord has a word for you.
" So I gave him this word.
I thought I had hit him, like just punching him.
That's how strong the word was that the Lord had for me to give to him.
I thought he was going to fire me right then.
He didn't fire me.
I think he was shocked because I came in there with such boldness, being just the cleaner.
That's how it started.
I started obeying Him on hard words.
I started obeying Him whenever He told me to do something really hard, and then He started giving me more to do.
He'd say, "Do this," while I'd be praying.
He said, "I want you to go across town and give that pastor a word.
There are three witches that are after his life, trying to kill him right now, and he's in the hospital fighting for his life.
I want you to go and give him a word.
" I said, "Are you serious?
Lord, they don't know me!
Are you going to do it or not?
" So I said, "Yeah, sure, I'll do it.
" So I took my little baby at the time, put the baby on my hip, and walked in through the doors.
I said, "I have a word for your pastor.
" The lady said, "I'm the secretary.
What is the word?
" I said, "Well, your pastor is sick and he's dying because of these witches casting spells on him, and I come to tell you Jesus is going to heal him and bring healing to this community.
" She said, "You're right.
Our pastor is really sick right now, and the doctors don't know what's wrong with him.
" So I gave them the word.
Well, that pastor started raising up; his church exploded.
Then it fell because he committed adultery on his wife.
Just things like that.
So I have these words, and I give them when the Lord wants me to.
I've just been obedient.
It happens all the time.
"I want you to pray for this person.
Go and do this.
" So I developed a relationship with Him.
I kept working at it.
Then He said, "Keep praying and cleaning these toilets.
" Like I said, 90 toilets three times a week.
This was a megachurch, a huge church where I worked.
So I cleaned them.
I'd go in there and clean them all by myself on a Saturday morning.
I'd clean them all by myself on a Sunday night, clean them all by myself on Wednesdays a lot of times, cleaning the floors, waxing the floors, buffing the floors, keeping doing it.
I said, "Lord, I'm doing what You've asked me to do.
" But He said, "Well, you're not doing it in obedience.
The willing and obedient will eat the good of the land.
You've been obedient, but you're not willing to do it.
You're complaining in your heart towards Me.
" I said, "When are You going to release me from this?
" He said, "When you can do it with full joy unto Me, I'll release you from this.
Do it unto Me.
" I said, "I can't do it, Lord.
I keep doing this; this is terrible.
I don't want to clean these toilets anymore.
I do not want to wax these floors year after year after year.
" Finally, as I told you about my little girl in the previous video, we had our little girl, and it took me even further down to the bottom of the ocean.
With all that happening, all that's going on, I'm cleaning the bathrooms, I'm submitting to the pastor, and I'm praying for him even if I don't agree with what he's preaching.
The Lord said, "Honor him.
Do not touch him with your words.
Pray for him, honor him, and respect him, even if you don't agree.
But you have to not only do it with words; you have to do it with your heart.
" "Are You kidding me?
" I said, "Lord, this is the hardest thing I've ever been through in my life.
You want me to do this?
With my little girl, everything's falling apart.
Now You want me to honor this man with my words and my heart, not complaining about cleaning these bathrooms, not complaining about my boss that's treating me like trash every single day, trying to get me fired, trying to conspire against me?
" Because I could see in the spirit, I could warn of things that were going to happen.
I would warn the pastor of the church about what was going on.
So I started to develop a relationship with the pastor, and it took years of building.
Then they came to me and said, "Hey, we know you can pray.
People tell us all the time you're laying hands on people and they're getting healed.
" So I started building a reputation of, "Hey, if Brandon prays for you, the Lord's going to heal you.
" People on the staff started coming to me.
"Hey, I've got a major migraine today.
Would you pray for me?
" The power of God would come and deliver them from a headache.
"Hey, I'm fixing to sing on the stage.
Would you pray for me?
I have laryngitis.
Will you pray for me?
" Boom, the power of God hit them, and they would start singing, to be able to get through the service.
It became a process.
I'm the janitor that was cleaning and doing everything.
Then people in witchcraft wanting to get free would come in there and get healed.
None of them knew how to deliver anybody from a devil; they'd come and get me.
I'm cleaning the toilets in church, or a vomit spill, or whatever from somebody getting sick, and they'd come and tell me, "Hey, we gotta have you in the back in the altar room.
A witch just gave her heart to Jesus Christ, and she's flipping out, and we don't know what to do with her because she's growling and manifesting back there.
Can you come back here and cast the devil out of her because none of us know how to do it?
" I said, "Are you kidding me?
You are pastors.
" It was kind of an arrogance thing on my part because I was just like, "Whatever, you're coming to get me to do your job.
" But I just said, "Okay, fine.
" I had to be humble and just say, "Okay, I'll pray for her.
" So I'd go down there and start casting devils out of her.
They'd come back there and say, "Listen, you're taking too long, and it's too loud.
Can you get her to be a little bit quieter because she's causing a distraction in church, and she's growling and everything.
" I said, "Listen, you deal with it then.
" Because I was already irritated about my circumstances.
Lo and behold, this went clear on until about 11:30 at night.
And so the pastors came in there and said, "Can you tell the devils to hurry up and get out?
Because I'm ready to go home and eat.
I don't want to be here anymore.
" I said, "Go ahead and go home.
I've got the alarm code and the key, don't worry about it.
I'm going to get this girl set free.
" So lo and behold, they all left.
You know, that's the way things went.
I started getting a reputation.
That's the way I live my faith.
I believe God is a deliverer, I believe God is a healer, and regardless of my circumstances and what's going on around me, He is a good God.
And so they let me start doing prayer.
So, I started doing Saturday morning prayer whenever the main prayer lady was gone.
When I led prayer, the presence of God would fill that whole atmosphere, and people wouldn't move because the power of God would settle in so strongly.
Whenever we would do prayer, it was nothing about me; it had everything to do with Jesus.
I want to let you know, if God will use me, He will use you.
I'm telling you, I'm nothing special.
I'm just telling you about just being obedient to whatever the Lord told me to do.
So, I just kept cleaning toilets.
Ten years went by.
On 3/3 of '13, the Lord says, 'You're done.
' On 3/3 of '03, I was hired; on 3/3 of '13, He said, 'You're done.
I want you to quit now.
' I said, 'Are you serious?
I don't mind being here anymore.
' He said, 'Yeah, I know.
That's why you're released.
' A year goes by; He releases me.
I stopped praying to be a part of doing that.
He said, 'I'm going to do something different with your life now.
' So, I stopped doing it.
Six months goes by, and the pastor falls into an adulterous affair, and the church falls.
It was a very hard thing for me because I thought, 'Man, this is terrible.
' I warned him about all the things that were coming prophetically.
I warned him about all of it, and he still didn't listen.
I spent years telling him, and you know what?
I did my job.
I did it, and I honored him.
I prayed for him, and I did everything I could do.
So, the Lord said, 'I want you to do something different.
' So I thought, 'Man, I'm going to get into ministry now.
' Nope.
My daughter is still overcoming, and things are falling apart.
The Lord said, 'I want you to start doing business stuff.
I'm done.
I don't want you to be in ministry anymore.
I want you to do something different with your life, Brandon.
' I said, 'Are you kidding me?
I've had all these words, Lord, You've given me about ministry.
' He said, 'I'm going to take you in a different direction now.
It's okay.
Are you serving Me?
' I said, 'Yes.
' So, I put it all on the shelf.
I put ministry on the shelf.
I started working and trying to make money.
He would give me ideas.
I would develop a relationship with Him, and I told you all about this: we'd sit on the couch together, and I'd practice the prophetic voice inside of me.
He'd tell me about scores of football games.
Because it's just the way this little guy goes, 'Well, Jesus is sitting on my couch, I won't ask Him about scores and about the games.
I'm going to talk to Jesus.
' Whatever, dude.
You don't have a clue; you have no relationship with Him at all.
I'm going to be real with you.
If you get real, God will get real with you.
These people that have all this religious Pharisee stuff going on inside of them, they're never going to be used by Him.
I'm telling you, you've got to get real with God, and God has got to take you through the fire.
He has to take you through trials and tribulations to develop your character.
He'll take you through things, and He'll let you feel like you're going to drown, but it keeps building up inside of you, and He's trying to grow inside of you so that you have character.
Because you have to die to self, and a lot of people don't want to die to self.
You don't have the character to handle the pressure of the anointing and the things going on in your life.
So you go through some things, and it's called the Refiner's Fire.
And I'm telling you, my Refiner's Fire was cleaning poop, cleaning vomit, cleaning the babies' rooms, and doing all this stuff.
Altogether, between the megachurch and the mega-ministry, I did it for thirteen and a half years.
Cleaning and cleaning and cleaning, to the point where my hands had calluses and sores all over them from chemicals and doing things.
So then He told me, 'Hey, I don't want you to do any ministry anymore.
I'm going to take you and do something different in your life.
' I thought, 'Are you kidding me?
' So, in the process of all this, the pastor told my wife—because my wife was very smart; she graduated top of her class in high school—so she was doing accounting and working at the church too.
And he told her, he said, 'If you go and get your degree, I'll put you head over the accounting department.
' So, my wife started going to ORU.
Doing this, my daughter's overcoming autism, we're pushing as hard as we can because we're tired of being broke, and we want more.
We want more finances to be able to have a nice home.
We're living in a shotgun rental house, barely getting by.
It's terrible, I'm just telling you.
We couldn't make our car payment; we're living on food stamps.
We were doing everything we could.
So, she's doing night school.
We're pushing as hard as we can, doing it online, doing all we could.
She gets her bachelor's degree in business and counseling.
She's still not done, so I help her, and we get all the way through her master's, and she gets her master's in accounting.
Everything's fine.
She makes a 4.
0 through college; her whole college, she has a 4.
0.
She finishes her master's degree.
She does it all.
It was a lot of work.
My daughter's still overcoming autism, we have our son, we get through all of it.
We're finishing her college.
I'm cleaning, barely making it the whole time, and he falls morally, and she's not able to get the job anymore.
So, she has a master's in accounting and a 4.
0.
We have the degrees, we have all this stuff, and the Lord says, 'I'm going to do something different with your life.
' So, we started to do some business stuff, and the Lord started blessing it.
He started doing this with us.
He started telling me where to go every day to find the stuff to do for our business.
I started listening to Him in everything.
Seven years go by.
Seven years I've put the call completely on the shelf, and He starts telling me, 'Brandon, are you going to be obedient to what I've called you?
I want you to do a YouTube channel.
' I said, 'What?
Are you serious?
' I said, 'Lord, I'm doing good.
I'm enjoying doing this.
I'm listening to You every day on what to do with my finances.
This is what You want me to do with my life?
' I said, 'Surely I'm missing it.
' I said, 'This is kind of weird, it's like back and forth.
' So He says to me, 'All that time, I wanted to see if you were serving Me or if you were serving the call.
Now I have found that you're serving Me, and it's not just about the call.
You've been obedient to what I've called you to do every step of the way.
Now get ready, because I'm going to put you in ministry, and I'm going to open a door for you, and it's going to explode.
Be obedient to what I've asked you to do, and the doors are going to fling wide open for you for ministry now, because I have found that you fear Me, and you fear what I've asked you to do.
You've been obedient.
' And I said, 'Lord, I don't want to do it.
' Because, I said, 'My little girl is still overcoming.
You want me to do a ministry?
You want me to do all this stuff?
' I said, 'I've run from it.
' I actually was relieved that He had told me to do business.
Because He had told me to invest in things, and it was being successful.
The Lord started blessing my hands big time, and I was excited about it.
And I said, 'Man, for the first time we're actually able to pay our bills on time.
For the first time we're able to not have to be on food stamps.
' It was embarrassing not being able to pay your bills, to not be able to pay your electric or your water or your gas because you're so broke.
And every single time you get to the end of the paycheck, you'd have to borrow on a credit card to get through because we were trying to pay for my daughter to go through therapy.
We had nothing.
We were broke, dead broke, working for the church.
And like I said, we got out of the church, and my wife got out of college, and we thought, 'Man, we're going to be in the money now because she's got her master's degree.
' Nope.
Nothing happened with the master's degree.
She still doesn't use her master's degree as of this moment.
She is able to do taxes, she is able to do everything she needs to do; she has a lot of education.
So, this is the process we've been in our life.
I say all this to say, I hope that was not boring.
I'm just trying to tell you where I come from.
It has been a lot of trials.
There has been a lot of 'I don't know if we're going to make it,' standing every single paycheck, standing and believing, cleaning the bathrooms, dying to self, the trials, and developing my relationship with Him to the point of thinking, 'Man, Lord, if You're ever going to use me.
' And then He tells me, 'I'm not going to do that with you.
I want you to do something else.
' And for years I think the promise is gone.
God doesn't want me to be a preacher.
He doesn't want me to do anything like that.
I'm going to be a businessman.
And so, all that to say this: I'm here, and that's where I'm at right now.
That is a lot of testimony of everything that I've been through up until today.
And so, I'm here to tell you all about Jesus now on YouTube, because that's what He's told me to do, and I've been obedient to it.
So, let me pray for you.
If you have a dream, if you have some kind of call on your life, you feel God wants you to be in ministry, and you don't know how to get there, don't give up on it.
You know what?
I don't know where this is going to lead.
I don't have any clue.
All I know is God told me to be on YouTube, and you all are watching it.
It's been very interesting for me because I now have 50,000 subscribers, and I started out, I believe it was February or whatever, doing these videos and putting ministry stuff on there, and people started subscribing.
And He said, 'I'm going to breathe on it for you,' and that's exactly what He's done.
So, I appreciate you all being a part of this.
Like I said, I have no clue where it's going to go.
All I know is I wake up every day still doing my business stuff, working, and doing this whenever I have time to.
I just want to say thank you for helping and supporting me and being a part of it.
Like I said, I believe God has put healing in my hands.
I feel the fire in my hands when I pray for people.
It's there for a reason.
He told me one day I'll have a tent, and I'm going to go and set tents up.
He wants me to have a tent revival.
There's a great revival about to happen with tents and people being healed.
I've seen it.
Thank you for watching, and I pray you all have a wonderful day.
Put a song in your heart and a smile on your face.
Jesus loves you, and we'll see you next time.
Bye-bye.